kb(inputs): clear selection (value) (#442)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/inputs-clear-selection-value.md

---
title: Clear the value (selection) of a combobox, dropdown, input

> description: How to clear the selection of a combo box, dropdown or other input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to clear the selected value of a combo box, dropdown or other input
```

Author: I think I want to keep the original to have more variety on the keywords, also captures the way the question was asked.

type: how-to
page_title: Clear the selection (Value) of a combobox, dropdown, input

> slug: inputs-clear-selection-value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: inputs-kb-clear-selection-value
```
